Add more documentation on how to use the `removeTypenameFromVariables` link to reduce confusion (#11395)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/api/link/apollo-link-remove-typename.mdx

const removeTypenameLink = removeTypenameFromVariables();
```

> Use this link before your [terminating link](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/link/introduction#the-terminating-link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include `removeTypeNameLink`  anywhere in your [link chain](./introduction/#your-first-link-chain) before your [terminating link](./introduction#the-terminating-link)
```

to ensure `__typename` fields are removed from variables for all operations.

```ts
import { from } from '@apollo/client';

> const link = from([removeTypenameLink, httpLink]);

Reviewer 2: We have a mix between three styles in the docs right now:

* `ApolloLink.from([a,b])`
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/link/apollo-link-rest#example
*  `from([a, b])
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/link/introduction#additive-composition
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/data/error-handling#advanced-error-handling-with-apollo-link
* `a.concat(b)`
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/link/persisted-queries#persisted-queries-implementation
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/networking/advanced-http-networking
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/networking/authentication
* `concat(a, b)` (I didn't even know that was an option)
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/networking/advanced-http-networking
  * https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/networking/authentication

Do we want to unify that in some way, or at least decide on using a specific notation going forward?

(The same goes for `split`, which is possible as `concat(previousLink, split(condition, a, b))`and `previousLink.split(condition, a, b)`)

Personally I have to admit that I prefer the `a.concat(b)` notation, since that's the only option that doesn't need additional imports - even if it has the downside that it can only combine two links in one call.

It's also the most "in line" with `documentTransform.concat` and `documentTransform.split`

Author: I opted for `from` only because it was in the intro doc, but don't have strong feelings either way. Funny, I tend to use `from` most often (ex: [spotify showcase](https://github.com/apollographql/spotify-showcase/blob/0eeac35bf8bb2cb95da095a676320dcf3a187cfa/client/src/apollo/client.ts#L76))  so its also what I'm most familiar with.

Could we take a pass at this in a future PR? I agree that we probably should spell out the differences between `concat` and `from` and try and unify this a bit more. I can understand why there is both APIs, but I wouldn't say its clear in our docs when you'd use one vs the other, but would love to have a separate focused PR for that where we can add comments related to the usages of those APIS.

Would love to get @Meschreiber's view here as well.

const client = new ApolloClient({
  link,
  // ... other options
});
```

> If you're using [directional composition](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/api/link/introduction#directional-composition), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using [directional composition](./link/introduction#directional-composition), 
```

> for example to [send a subcription to a websocket connection](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/data/subscriptions#3-split-communication-by-operation-recommended),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example, to [send a subscription to a websocket connection](../data/subscriptions#3-split-communication-by-operation-recommended),
```

> place this link before the split link to ensure `__typename` is removed from variables for all operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
place `removeTypenameLink` before `splitLink` to remove `__typename` from variables for all operations.
```
